---
title: " and OUA, is the only private university in the country with a dual degree program."
date: 2019-12-01 17:14:02
categories:
- General
tags:
- "UofA"
header:
  image: /assets/images/20191201171034.jpg
  og_image: /assets/images/20191201171034.jpg
---

 and OUA, is the only private university in the country with a dual degree program. Through the creation of two separate bachelor's degrees (the English degree at OUA, and the Spanish degree at UA), the University of Arizona becomes only the second private university in the nation with this program.

The ASU undergraduate major in English degree (B.A., B.S.) and the UA undergraduate major in Spanish degree (M.A., M.S.) will be offered at both the major and minor levels. The M.A. degree will be awarded when students are admitted to the UA. In addition, students can declare a concentration in any of three areas of study: Writing (minor specialty in Journalism and Theology/Linguistics), Literature (minor specialty in English-Literature or Literature-Literature), or Spanish (minor specialty in Literature, Spanish, Spanish Literature, or Spanish and American Cultures).

College of Business

The College of Business is a leading business program of the university, offering a rich educational experience for students with a business background. The College of Business offers degrees in the College of Business and School of Management, as well as a major in Strategic Management, the largest concentration of students focusing on management in the UA.

College of Medicine & Health Sciences

The College of Medicine and Health Sciences has become a leading institution in the UA's research on health care and health issues. Over the years, a number of medical school and school of health professions students enrolled at the UA, and several programs such as the International Baccalaureate program were developed, all emphasizing health care.

The College of Medicine provides undergraduate, medical and graduate degrees for students. The Medical School is the premier medical school located within the UA. Students can choose to major in Medicine and Health Sciences, and other programs also are offered at our Medical School. The school offers degrees in four areas.

UofA Graduate Program

The UofA Graduate and Professional Program (GPP) enhances the University of Arizona's stature as a leading public research university by providing students and faculty with professional development opportunities. The GPP is unique because it is funded by students themselves. Students are responsible for paying tuition and required fees. The GPP's curriculum and faculty range from the business and management fields to international and social issues. The first part of the GPP focuses on the business aspects of medicine. Students can then specialize in the program, as needed.

UofA
